On the edit offer page here I'll again use the reactive forums approach and definitely feel free to
take this as a challenge.
We're already getting the data for this place so just make sure use it up reactive form that you create
in your typescript file where users are then able to edit the title and description of the to offer
nothing else because I don't want to introduce too much complexity here.
Of course you could go more complex than that but I want to keep it relatively simple but at the H team
l mark up for that.
And at the Times good logic to initialize a forum with these two inputs.
You don't need to worry about the actual updating logic and the service will implement this to gather
in another module of this course.
So for now it's just about gathering these inputs starting in the next lecture we'll do it together
but definitely try on your own first.